It’s party time! Blow out your candles, cut up the cake and let’s celebrate! Wishing you a very happy birthday.
May all your dreams come true on your birthday. Have a wonderful day.
Here’s to making this birthday a memorable one.
Happy birthday to someone who really deserves a great day!
To someone very special on their birthday, have a beautiful day.
I hope your birthday is as sweet as you, wishing you a brilliant day.
Wishing you a very happy birthday and hoping that you get everything you wished for.
Here’s to enjoying every moment of your special day. Happy birthday to you.
Here’s to brighter days for the year to come, and here’s to a day full of fun. Happy birthday.
This is your special day and you deserve every happiness. Happy birthday to you!
Let’s light the candles and celebrate this special day of your life. Happy birthday.
Special day, special person and special celebration. May all your dreams and desires come true in this coming year. Happy birthday.
Soon you’re going to start a new year of your life and I hope this coming year will bring every success you deserve. Happy birthday.
The more candles on your cake, the bigger the cake – Happy birthday, friend!
Happy birthday! You are only young once so enjoy it to the fullest. Time passes way too fast and you don’t get these years back.
May you have all the love your heart can hold, all the happiness a day can bring, and all the blessings a life can unfold. Happy birthday!
Warmest wishes to you on your very special day. I hope that you continue to change the lives of others with your positivity, love, and beautiful spirit.
On your birthday may your spirit be enriched in light, love, and hope for a prosperous year ahead.
May the joy that you give others come back to you on this special day. Happy birthday!
Wishing you all the great things in life. I hope this day will bring you an extra share of all that makes you happiest. Happy birthday.
A wish for you on your birthday: Whatever you ask may you receive, whatever you seek may you find, whatever you wish may come true.
May life’s brightest joys illuminate your path, and may each day’s journey bring you closer to your dreams!
Happy moments. Happy thoughts. Happy dreams. Happy feelings. Happy birthday.
May the joy that you have spread in the past come back to you on this day. Wishing you a very happy birthday!
May you receive the greatest of joys and everlasting bliss. You are a gift yourself, and you deserve the best of everything. Happy birthday
Do not count the candles, but see the light they give. Don't count your years but the life you live. Happy Birthday.
Be happy, for today; you were born to bring blessings and inspiration to all. Happy birthday!
Sending your way a bouquet of happiness…To wish you a very happy birthday!
On this wonderful day, I wish you the best that life has to offer! Happy birthday!
On this special day, I raise a toast to you and your life. Happy birthday.